id26305	"This process, however, afforded me no means of ascertaining the dimensions of my dungeon; as I might make its circuit, and return to the point whence I set out, without being aware of the fact; so perfectly uniform seemed the wall."	EAP
id17569	It never once occurred to me that the fumbling might be a mere mistake.	HPL
id11008	"In his left hand was a gold snuff box, from which, as he capered down the hill, cutting all manner of fantastic steps, he took snuff incessantly with an air of the greatest possible self satisfaction."	EAP
id27763	"How lovely is spring As we looked from Windsor Terrace on the sixteen fertile counties spread beneath, speckled by happy cottages and wealthier towns, all looked as in former years, heart cheering and fair."	MWS
id12958	"Finding nothing else, not even gold, the Superintendent abandoned his attempts; but a perplexed look occasionally steals over his countenance as he sits thinking at his desk."	HPL
id22965	"A youth passed in solitude, my best years spent under your gentle and feminine fosterage, has so refined the groundwork of my character that I cannot overcome an intense distaste to the usual brutality exercised on board ship: I have never believed it to be necessary, and when I heard of a mariner equally noted for his kindliness of heart and the respect and obedience paid to him by his crew, I felt myself peculiarly fortunate in being able to secure his services."	MWS
id09674	"The astronomer, perhaps, at this point, took refuge in the suggestion of non luminosity; and here analogy was suddenly let fall."	EAP
id13515	The surcingle hung in ribands from my body.	EAP
id19322	"I knew that you could not say to yourself 'stereotomy' without being brought to think of atomies, and thus of the theories of Epicurus; and since, when we discussed this subject not very long ago, I mentioned to you how singularly, yet with how little notice, the vague guesses of that noble Greek had met with confirmation in the late nebular cosmogony, I felt that you could not avoid casting your eyes upward to the great nebula in Orion, and I certainly expected that you would do so."	EAP
id00912	"I confess that neither the structure of languages, nor the code of governments, nor the politics of various states possessed attractions for me."	MWS
id16737	"He shall find that I can feel my injuries; he shall learn to dread my revenge"" A few days after he arrived."	MWS
id16607	"Here we barricaded ourselves, and, for the present were secure."	EAP
id19764	Herbert West needed fresh bodies because his life work was the reanimation of the dead.	HPL
id18886	"The farm like grounds extended back very deeply up the hill, almost to Wheaton Street."	HPL
id17189	But a glance will show the fallacy of this idea.	EAP
id12799	"He had escaped me, and I must commence a destructive and almost endless journey across the mountainous ices of the ocean, amidst cold that few of the inhabitants could long endure and which I, the native of a genial and sunny climate, could not hope to survive."	MWS
id08441	"To these speeches they gave, of course, their own interpretation; fancying, no doubt, that at all events I should come into possession of vast quantities of ready money; and provided I paid them all I owed, and a trifle more, in consideration of their services, I dare say they cared very little what became of either my soul or my carcass."	EAP
id13117	"Her native sprightliness needed no undue excitement, and her placid heart reposed contented on my love, the well being of her children, and the beauty of surrounding nature."	MWS
id14862	"I even went so far as to speak of a slightly hectic cough with which, at one time, I had been troubled of a chronic rheumatism of a twinge of hereditary gout and, in conclusion, of the disagreeable and inconvenient, but hitherto carefully concealed, weakness of my eyes."	EAP
id20836	"His facial aspect, too, was remarkable for its maturity; for though he shared his mother's and grandfather's chinlessness, his firm and precociously shaped nose united with the expression of his large, dark, almost Latin eyes to give him an air of quasi adulthood and well nigh preternatural intelligence."	HPL
